welcome to NBA TV daily I'm Andre
Aldridge we get right to the highlights
of the USA basketball scrimmage from Las
Vegas Kobe Bryant on ham officially
called the state farm challenge white
team against the blue team Jason Kidd
for the way coming up with the steal
behind the back to the king LeBron James
goes all the way we take another look
kid sneaky as always in LeBron the
finisher white team up 2623 after one
quarter in the second they swing around
a Mike Miller international three-point
line three feet shorter than the NBA
line Miller took 15 three pointers in
this contest made 50 kid on the break
fake sleeps flips LeBron Aleut white up
56-49 at halftime in the third members
of the US Air Force just back from Iraq
are honored by the crowd way to go guys
back to the basketball the King rejects
rejects Kobe Bryant's ducats in what
have the practice has been like for
these guys we stay in the third quarter
JJ Redick dishes it out the Kevin Durant
takes a look from downtown 22 points in
the game for him we're tied at 73 apiece
on the move next possession Kirk Hinrich
to Durant purdy spinning hook Blues up
75-73 just like that meanwhile Chauncey
Billups drives and dishes to Dwight
Howard perfect shooting night for him 9
of 9 from the floor three of three from
the free-throw line white up 83 77 after
three fourth-quarter new team they swing
around to Durant takes another look from
downtown oh yes the three will be very
big for Team USA now Kobe brings the
ball up and you know he's going to score
when he wants to ties it up at 101 a
piece and then just over a minute to go
once again Colbie pass LeBron James oh
he's money in the bank 103-102 the Blues
are up under 40 seconds ago Jason Kidd
it's in the transition layup for his
first basket and his only field goal
attempt the whites up by one however
Kobe guarded by tayshaun Prince down by
one oops my bad blue team up one that
guy he's just a monster last chance for
the White team LeBron guarded by Kobe
Bryant and he can't get the good look to
go he can't get a good look and the
blues take it 10 5 10 4 so the rule
squad thanks to Kobe Bryant beats the
white in the scrimmage 10 5 10 4 5
months after wedding all-star game MVP
honors in Las Vegas Kobe Bryant
continued
nine in that city with 26 points and the
game-winner the argument could be made
though that just like last year Carmelo
Anthony was the best player for the
United States but really this is all
about getting ready for success at the
FIBA americas championship next month